END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR U. Are U. (r) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT 
(SDK) PRODUCTS IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: This END USER LICENSE 
AGREEMENT (the "EULA") is a legal agreement between you either as an 
individual or as an authorized representative of a business entity 
(hereafter referred to as "You" and/or "Your") and Cross Match 
Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws 
of the State of Delaware, USA, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, 
including but not limited to DigitalPersona, Inc. (collectively, 
"Crossmatch"). Crossmatch is willing to license to You the Crossmatch 
software product accompanying this EULA, which may include, without 
limitation, pre-release beta technology for evaluation and testing 
purposes; fingerprint recognition software, fingerprint reader driver 
software, and any runtime binaries that are compiled for distribution 
(the "Runtime Environment"), library files, header files, supplemental 
software, updates and upgrades, associated firmware, media, manuals, 
user guides and/or other documentation provided by Crossmatch or made 
available for download, whether tangible or intangible (collectively, 
the "Software Product"). By installing, downloading, copying, or 
otherwise using the Software Product, You agree to be bound by the terms 
of this EULA. If You do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not 
install, copy or use the Software Product; please return the original 
Software Product and all copies thereof (if any) to Your place of 
purchase to obtain a refund, or if the Software Product was downloaded, 
please remove and delete the original and all copies of the Software 
Product from the computer(s) on which it was installed. IF YOU ARE 
ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT 
THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT LEGAL ENTITY TO THIS 
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE 
WITH ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT 
PERMITTED TO DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU HAVE ANY 
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE CONTACT 
LEGAL.DEPARTMENT@CROSSMATCH.COM. 1. License Grant 1.1 U.are.U SDK for 
Windows, U.are.U SDK for Linux, and U.are.U SDK for Android. If you 
license the U.are.U SDK for Windows, U.are.U SDK for Linux, and U.are.U 
SDK for Android, Crossmatch grants to You a limited, non-transferable, 
and non-exclusive right to install and use the Software Product at Your 
premises under the terms and conditions of this EULA. Provided that Your 
intranet or other storage device is secured in such a manner as to 
prohibit access of the Software Product by unauthorized users, You may 
copy the Software Product to the hard disk of a computer system, or use 
the Software Product on Your network. 1.2 U.are.U SDK for Windows, 
U.are.U SDK for Linux, and U.are.U SDK for Android. Subject to the terms 
and conditions of this EULA, and subject to Crossmatch's underlying 
Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in and to the Software 
Product: (a) You may use the Software Product to design, develop, and 
test a software application product (the "Licensee Application"), for 
use with the corresponding Crossmatch Client Software (defined below) 
and the Crossmatch fingerprint reader or module, or such other 
hardware/software package approved by Crossmatch for use with the 
Crossmatch SDK products. For purposes of this EULA a Licensee 
Application specifically excludes any type of software development tool 
designed, developed, licensed and/or distributed by You. You represent 
that each and every biometric fingerprint reader, fingerprint 
recognition algorithm and other software required by the Licensee 
Application for fingerprint recognition will be acquired from Crossmatch 
or its authorized distributors. For purposes of this EULA, the 
Crossmatch Client Software means the Crossmatch software that is 
installed and used on a computer, terminal or other digital electronic 
device (each a "Client") and that provides fingerprint authentication 
functionality. (b) You may (i) modify the sample source code located in 
the Software Product's "Samples" folder (the "Sample Code") and create 
derivatives thereof (the "Sample Derivatives"), and (ii) reproduce and 
distribute the Sample Derivatives in object code form only, and only as 
incorporated into the Licensee Application. (c) You may reproduce and 
distribute the Runtime Environment in object code form only as 
incorporated into the Licensee Application; provided, however, that You 
reproduce and include the copyright notice that appears in the Sample 
Code and Runtime Environment as provided by Crossmatch and that You 
distribute the Licensee Application incorporating the Sample Derivatives 
and/or Runtime Environment pursuant to terms no less restrictive than 
those set forth in this Agreement. 1.3 Third Party Software. You 
acknowledge that the use of the Software Product may require the use of 
third party software programs ("Third Party Programs") including 
programs that are available under either their own license, or open 
source or free software license (each a "Third Party License"). Third 
Party Licenses are typically found in a Readme file in the Software 
Product or on the Crossmatch website at www.Crossmatch.com. This EULA 
does not alter any rights or obligations You may have under Third Party 
Licenses. Third Party Programs are provided "AS IS" and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in their respective Third Party Licenses, the 
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities provisions shall 
apply to Third Party Programs. Unless otherwise specifically agreed by 
Crossmatch in writing signed by an officer of Crossmatch, You shall be 
solely responsible with respect to obtaining the necessary licenses and 
consents and bearing the costs to license all such third party software. 
If the Software Product you are licensing is delivered with the Xerces2 
Java Parser software, such Xerces2 Java Parser software shall be 
licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "Apache License") as 
set forth in Section 12 below. 2. License Restrictions. You acknowledge 
and represent that the Licensee Application shall not be used, under any 
circumstances, with fingerprint recognition hardware and software other 
than a Crossmatch product. Except as otherwise permitted herein, You: 
(i) may not, or cause or permit a third party to reproduce, distribute, 
redistribute, sublicense, loan, rent or lease, all or any portion of the 
Software Product, including but not limited to, the bundling of the 
Software Product or portions thereof with any fingerprint recognition 
product not authorized by Crossmatch; (ii) except as otherwise provided 
herein, shall not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt 
to access or discover the underlying source code of the Software Product 
or portions thereof; (iii) may not utilize the Software Product to 
create or develop (or cause or permit third parties to create or 
develop), any products which compete with Crossmatch products; (iv) may 
not link the Software Product to any third party code that is licensed 
under any version of the GNU General Public License, the Affero General 
Public License or the GNU Lesser General Public License in such a manner 
as to require the Software Product to be distributed under any version 
of the GNU General Public License, Affero General Public License or the 
GNU Lesser General Public License, or develop any Licensee Application 
that is required to be distributed under the terms of any version of the 
GNU General Public License or Affero General Public License; (v) are 
prohibited by U.S. export regulations from using any Crossmatch products 
to develop cryptographic or encryption capabilities or using any 
Crossmatch products to develop items controlled for encryption 
capability or controlled for national security reasons. You shall 
promptly notify Crossmatch if any of the foregoing restrictions have 
been breached and You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
Crossmatch from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages and 
claims arising out of such violation. 3. Ownership of the Software 
Product. The Software Product (including any updates, upgrades, 
modifications and revisions) is protected by intellectual property and 
copyright laws and treaties worldwide, and may contain trade secrets of 
Crossmatch or its suppliers, who have and maintain exclusive right, 
title and interest in and to the Software Product and the Sample 
Derivatives, and reserve and retain all rights not expressly granted to 
You under this EULA. You agree not to remove or obscure any copyright, 
trademark or patent notices that appear on any of the Software Product 
as delivered to you. Subject to Crossmatch's underlying rights in and to 
the Software Product and portions thereof, and the rights of Third Party 
Programs, You shall own all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined 
below) in and to the Licensee Application. 4. Covenant to Facilitate 
Development. You acknowledge and agree not to enforce or assert any 
intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, all rights 
now held or hereafter created or acquired, whether arising under the 
laws of the United States or any other country, for any patents, 
copyrights or trade secrets (collectively, the "Intellectual Property 
Rights")), in any Licensee Application or derivatives thereof in a 
manner which in any way limits the development, use and distribution by 
Crossmatch or its licensees of the Software Product. 5. Additional Terms 
for Evaluation and Beta Testing of Software Product. IF YOU ACQUIRED AN 
EVALUATION OR A BETA VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT FOR EVALUATION OR 
TESTING PURPOSES, THE ADDITIONAL TERMS OF THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY FOR 
THE DURATION OF THE EVALUATION PERIOD (defined below). For up to ninety 
(90) days from the date You acquired or downloaded the evaluation or 
beta version of the Software Product (the "Evaluation Period") (i) You 
may use the Software Product only for evaluation and testing purposes; 
(ii) You may not use the Software Product in a production environment; 
(iii) You may not transfer the Software Product. You may acquire the 
right to use the Software Product in a production environment only upon 
written authorization from Crossmatch and payment of applicable fees. 
You acknowledge that the beta version of the Software Product may 
contain bugs, errors and other problems; furthermore, You acknowledge 
that Crossmatch has in no way made a commitment to a specific 
configuration, to any design features or functions, or a schedule for 
mass production or general availability of the Software Product based on 
the beta version You acquired. When requested, You agree to promptly 
notify Crossmatch of any errors You found while testing or evaluating 
the Software Product and provide the copy of the results of all testing 
and evaluation only to Crossmatch. You shall keep the results of the 
testing and evaluation confidential, as well as protect the 
confidentiality of the beta version of the Software Product. The 
evaluation version of the Software Product may contain an automatic 
disabling mechanism that prevents its use after termination or 
expiration of the Evaluation Period. Crossmatch may terminate Your right 
to use the evaluation or beta version of the Software Product at any 
time by providing a written notice to You. Your rights to use the 
evaluation or beta version of the Software Product will cease upon the 
earlier of notification by Crossmatch of termination or expiration of 
the Evaluation Period. If you have signed a Crossmatch Beta Testing or 
Evaluation Agreement for a specific Software Product, then such signed 
written agreement shall apply to the beta testing or evaluation of that 
specific Software Product. 6. Support. Crossmatch may offer basic 
support services related to the Software Product ("Support Services"). 
Receipt of Support Services is contingent upon Your agreement to 
then-current Crossmatch support terms and conditions available at 
www.Crossmatch.com/support. Any supplemental Software Product code 
provided to You as a part of Support Services shall be deemed part of 
the Software Product and subject to the terms of this EULA. With respect 
to any technical information You provide while using Support Services, 
Crossmatch may use such information for its business purposes, including 
without limitation, general product support and development. Crossmatch 
will not use such technical information in a form or manner that 
personally identifies You. 7. Limited Warranty; Disclaimer of 
Warranties. If Crossmatch provided the Software Product to You on 
tangible media, Crossmatch represents that such media in the form 
originally received by You and under normal use, will be free from 
defects in material and workmanship, for a period of ninety (90) days 
from the ship date of original Software Product You acquired as shown on 
Your receipt or similar proof of payment (the "Warranty Period"). EXCEPT 
FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTIES ABOVE, CROSSMATCH AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR 
RESELLERS MAKE NO OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF 
EVERY TYPE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SYSTEM 
INTEGRATION, SUPPORT SERVICES, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY 
RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. IF SUCH DISCLAIMER OF ANY 
IMPLIED WARRANTY IS NOT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DURATION OF SAID IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES IS LIMITED TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE. 
If an upgrade or update to the Software Product is delivered with a new 
warranty period, then the terms of such new warranty period will apply 
only to the upgraded Software Product, and not the original Software 
Product. Any replacement Software Product will be warranted for the 
remainder of the original Software Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, 
whichever is longer. Crossmatch's sole obligation and Your exclusive 
remedy under the limited warranties above shall be, at Crossmatch's 
option, either a refund of the price paid (if any), or replacement of 
the Software Product that does not meet the Crossmatch limited 
warranties, and that is returned to Crossmatch with a copy of Your 
receipt or other such acceptable proof of purchase. 8. Hazardous Use. 
The Software Product, Crossmatch fingerprint reader or module, or 
Crossmatch Client Software are not designed, made, or intended for use 
in an application, or in development of Licensee Application, where 
failure, malfunction or inaccuracy of any of such products may cause 
death or serious bodily injury, including, without limitation, use in 
medical equipment, nuclear facilities, aircraft operation, air traffic 
control, or life support. Any such use is prohibited. Customer agrees 
that neither Crossmatch nor its suppliers, distributors or resellers 
will be liable, in whole or in part, for any claims, losses, costs or 
damages arising out of or in connection with the use and performance of 
the Software Product in such applications. 9. Indemnification. You shall 
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Crossmatch against any claims, 
actions, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including attorney fees) 
arising out of and/or action brought against Crossmatch as a result of: 
(i) a claim based upon an actual or alleged infringement of an 
intellectual property right of a third party arising from or related to 
the Licensee Application; (ii) any modification and/or enhancement to 
the Sample Code made by or for You; (iii) any distribution of all or a 
portion of the Software Product in breach of the limited license granted 
to You hereunder; and (iv) Your breach of the restrictions set forth in 
Section 2 and Section 7; provided that Crossmatch reasonably cooperates 
with You (at Your expense) in the defense or settlement of such action 
or claim. You shall have control of the defense and all settlement 
negotiations, provided that You may not enter into a settlement 
providing for any restriction on Crossmatch or the Crossmatch technology 
without Crossmatch's prior written consent, and provided further that 
Crossmatch shall have the right to be represented by its own attorney at 
Crossmatch's expense. 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
CROSSMATCH AND ITS EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, 
DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY AND/OR NEGLIGENCE 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF 
DATA, PRIVACY OR CONFIDENTIALITY, BREACH OF SECURITY SYSTEMS OR ANY 
OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO, THE USE 
OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF CROSSMATCH AND ITS 
EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS 
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. EXCEPT 
FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE, THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS 
SUPPLIED "AS IS", AND THE ENTIRE RISK OF ACCURACY AND SATISFACTORY 
PERFORMANCE IS WITH YOU. CROSSMATCH AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS DO 
NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR 
ALL REQUIREMENTS OF THE SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE WITH WHICH THEY INTERACT. 
IN ANY CASE, CROSSMATCH'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS 
EULA SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THIS 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR US$100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. 11. Termination of 
License. You may terminate this EULA at any time, upon written notice 
thereof to Crossmatch. THIS EULA WILL TERMINATE AUTOMATICALLY IF YOU 
BREACH ANY LICENSE RESTRICTIONS, EXPORT RESTRICTIONS, OR MATERIAL 
PROVISION OF THIS EULA. Upon termination, all rights to use the Software 
Product will cease and You shall (i) promptly destroy the original and 
all copies of the Software Product in Your possession or under its 
control, and certify in writing to Crossmatch of such destruction, and 
(ii) cease distribution of the Sample Derivatives and/or Runtime 
Environment as incorporated in the Licensee Application. 12. Apache 
License. The Software Product may be delivered with the Xerces2 Java 
Parser software which is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 
set forth below. You may not use the Xerces2 Java Parser software except 
in compliance with the Apache License. 12.1 Definitions. "Apache 
License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and 
distribution as defined by Sections 12.1 through 12.9 of this document. 
"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the 
copyright owner that is granting the Apache License. "Legal Entity" 
shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that 
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that 
entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the 
power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such 
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial 
ownership of such entity. "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or 
Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this Apache License. 
"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, 
including but not limited to software source code, documentation, 
source, and configuration files. "Object" form shall mean any form 
resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source 
form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated 
documentation, and conversions to other media types. "Work" shall mean 
the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available 
under the Apache License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is 
included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the 
Appendix below). "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in 
Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and 
for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other 
modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For 
the purposes of this Apache License, Derivative Works shall not include 
works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to 
the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof. "Contribution" 
shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the 
Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works 
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in 
the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity 
authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes 
of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or 
written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, 
including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, 
source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed 
by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and 
improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously 
marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not 
a Contribution". "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or 
Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by 
Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work. 12.2 Grant of 
Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Apache 
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, 
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to 
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly 
perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works 
in Source or Object form. 12.3 Grant of Patent License. Subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Apache License, each Contributor hereby 
grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, 
royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent 
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and 
otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those 
patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily 
infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their 
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was 
submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity 
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the 
Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct 
or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to 
You under this Apache License for that Work shall terminate as of the 
date such litigation is filed. 12.4 Redistribution. You may reproduce 
and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any 
medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, 
PROVIDED THAT YOU MEET THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS: (a) You must give any 
other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this Apache 
License; and (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent 
notices stating that You changed the files; and (c) You must retain, in 
the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all 
copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source 
form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any 
part of the Derivative Works; and (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" 
text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that 
You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices 
contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not 
pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the 
following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the 
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided 
along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the 
Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally 
appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes 
only and do not modify the Apache License. You may add Your own 
attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, 
alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided 
that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as 
modifying the Apache License. You may add Your own copyright statement 
to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license 
terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your 
modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided 
Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies 
with the conditions stated in this Apache License. 12.5 Submission of 
Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution 
intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor 
shall be under the terms and conditions of this Apache License, without 
any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing 
herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license 
agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such 
Contributions. 12.6 Trademarks. This Apache License does not grant 
permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product 
names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary 
use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of 
the NOTICE file. 12.7 Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by 
applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and 
each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, 
including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, 
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using 
or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your 
exercise of permissions under this Apache License. 12.8 Limitation of 
Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort 
(including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by 
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed 
to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, 
including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential 
damages of any character arising as a result of this Apache License or 
out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited 
to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or 
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if 
such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
12.9 Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing 
the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and 
charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other 
liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this Apache License. 
However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own 
behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other 
Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each 
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted 
against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty 
or additional liability. 12.10 APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License 
to your work. To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the 
following boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[ ]" 
replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include the 
brackets!) The text should be enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax 
for the file format. We also recommend that a file or class name and 
description of purpose be included on the same "printed page" as the 
copyright notice for easier identification within third-party archives. 
Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache 
License, Version 2.0 (the "Apache License"); you may not use this file 
except in compliance with the Apache License. You may obtain a copy of 
the Apache License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless 
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed 
under the Apache License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
Apache License for the specific language governing permissions and 
limitations under the Apache License. 13. GENERAL TERMS 13.1 No Third 
Party Beneficiaries. No provision of this EULA is intended, nor will it 
be interpreted, to provide or create any third party beneficiary rights 
or any other rights of any kind in third parties. All provisions hereof 
will be personal solely between You and Crossmatch. 13.2 Governing Law 
and Exclusive Forum. This EULA shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, United 
States of America, excluding its choice of law provisions. With the 
exception of Crossmatch's right to enforce its intellectual property 
rights under this EULA, all disputes arising out of this EULA shall be 
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the State or Federal 
District Courts in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States of America, 
and the parties consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and 
venue of such courts. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the 
International Sales of Goods is specifically disclaimed. 13.3 Export 
Restrictions; Anti-Bribery. You acknowledge and agree that the Software 
Product and the Licensee Application are subject to United States export 
restrictions, and that You will strictly comply with all applicable 
United States and international laws relating to the importing and/or 
exporting of licensed software, and You will not, directly or 
indirectly, export or re-export the Software Product, the Licensee 
Application and related technical data in violation of the Export 
Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and other 
applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the prohibition to 
export: (a) to embargoed destinations or to any person or entity listed 
as a denied party or other restriction by the U.S. Department of 
Commerce; or (b) to any persons or entity supporting or engaged in 
prohibited proliferation activities (e.g. weapons of mass destruction, 
nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, missiles, sanctioned for 
transfer of lethal military equipment, etc.). Current regulations, 
embargoed destinations, and other prohibition lists are available on the 
United States Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security 
website at http://www.bis.doc.gov. For more information on export 
restrictions for Crossmatch products, please contact Crossmatch Legal 
Department at DPLegal@Crossmatch.com. You hereby represent and warrant 
that You shall not: (a) act in any fashion or take any action or permit 
or authorize any action which will render Crossmatch liable for a 
violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the 
offering, giving or promising to offer or give, directly or indirectly, 
money or anything of value to any official of a government, political 
party or instrumentality thereof in order to assist it or Crossmatch in 
obtaining or retaining business; (b) act in any fashion or take any 
action or permit or authorize any action which will render Crossmatch 
liable for a violation of the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 which prohibits: 
(i) the offering, giving or promising to offer or give, directly or 
indirectly, money or anything of value or other advantage to another 
person with the intent to induce a person to perform improperly a 
relevant function or activity; or reward a person for the improper 
performance of a relevant function or activity; (ii) requesting, 
agreeing to accept or accepting money or anything of value or other 
advantage in return for the improper performance of a relevant function 
or activity; or (iii) the influencing of a foreign public official by 
the offering, giving or promising to offer or give, directly or 
indirectly, money or anything of value or other advantage to a foreign 
public official or to another person at a foreign public official's 
request, assent or acquiescence in order to obtain or retain business or 
an advantage in the conduct of business. The U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 
applies both to bribery in the private and public sector, directly or 
indirectly (i.e. through a third party), improper facilitation payments, 
and to relevant functions or activities performed outside the U.K.; or 
(c) violate or cause Crossmatch to violate such Acts in connection with 
the sale or distribution of products and/or services; and if You are a 
non-governmental entity, You will notify Crossmatch in writing if any of 
its owners, partners, principals, and officers are or become during the 
term of this Agreement officials, officers or representatives of any 
government or political party or candidate for political office outside 
the United States and are responsible for a decision regarding obtaining 
or retaining business for products by such government. 13.4 Government 
Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Software Product and all 
related materials thereto licensed under this EULA are "Commercial 
Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" as 
defined in FAR 12.212 for civilian agencies and DFARS 227.7202 for 
military agencies and their successors, and in the event You are 
permitted under this EULA to provide the Software Product, or a portion 
thereof, to the U.S. Government, such Software Product shall be provided 
under the terms of this EULA, or terms at least as restrictive as the 
terms of this EULA. If You are permitted under this EULA to provide the 
Software Product, or a portion thereof, to a non-U.S. government entity, 
You shall take all necessary steps to ensure that Crossmatch's 
intellectual property and proprietary rights in and to the Software 
Product receive the maximum protection available from such non-U.S. 
government for commercial computer software and documentation. 13.5 
Severability. If any provision of this EULA is declared unenforceable, 
illegal or invalid by a competent tribunal under applicable law, then 
such provision shall be deemed automatically adjusted to conform to the 
requirements for validity and enforceability, and so adjusted, shall be 
deemed a provision of this EULA as though originally included herein. In 
the event that the abovementioned provision is of such a nature that it 
cannot be so adjusted, such provision shall be deleted from the EULA, 
and the remaining provisions of the EULA shall remain in full force and 
effect. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IT IS EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND 
AGREED THAT EACH AND EVERY PROVISION OF THIS EULA WHICH PROVIDES FOR A 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES 
IS INTENDED BY THE PARTIES TO BE SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ANY OTHER 
SUCH PROVISION. FURTHER, IN THE EVENT THAT ANY REMEDY HEREUNDER IS 
DETERMINED TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, ALL LIMITATIONS OF 
LIABILITY AND EXCLUSIONS OF DAMAGES SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT. 13.6 No 
Agency. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating any 
agency, partnership, franchise or other form of joint enterprise between 
the parties. 13.7 No Waiver. The failure of either party to require 
performance by the other party of any provision hereof shall not affect 
the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor 
shall the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision hereof be 
taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. 13.8 Notices. All 
notices or demands hereunder shall be sent to the attention of the other 
party's Legal Department and will be deemed delivered upon 
acknowledgment of receipt by the other party. 13.9 Language. This EULA 
is prepared and entered into in the English language only, which 
language shall be controlling in all respects. Any translations of this 
EULA into any other language are for reference only and shall have no 
legal or other effect. 13.10 Entire Agreement. This EULA contains and 
constitutes the sole, complete and entire agreement and understanding 
between You and Crossmatch concerning the matters contained herein and 
may not be altered, modified or changed in any manner except with 
Crossmatch's prior written consent. No statements, promises or 
representations have been made by one party to the other, and the 
parties are not relying on any representations other than those 
expressly set forth herein. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
URUSDKEULA03.15.2018V3 

